1- When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Almost Every time, unless special circumstances, if it is online you can check it wherever you have an internet connection.

2- Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Because you might pull something you don’t want to pull yet, like a change from another developer, or maybe you are testing something out and don’t want files to be updated, or maybe by pulling everything you might create un wanted conflicts

3- Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

a clone is a copy of a repository, either local or remote
a fork is also a clone of a repository but maintains a link to the original one and its author
a branch is a series of commits that may or may not be the master one in a project

4- What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Is useful because when fetching the remote state you don’t need to load every commit again

5- How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

I would create a project, them each team member would have a series of tasks they would develop in their own branches, and as everyone finishes tasks they would be merged into the master branch. This should be easier if each team member fully understand git, because doing this manually could represent a great and messy task.

6- When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

I may want to do this when I want to protect the integrity of the master branch, or build a new feature progressively and don’t want this small steps to appear in the master branch which may be an app which is already being used maybe by some costumers or other developers who may be confused by not fully implemented features.


